README.md, before:

# Python_for_DevOps_Bootcamp

Python for DevOps Bootcamp by Skillsoft

Instructor : Noah Gift
Host: Chris Keenan

Course link: https://cgi.percipio.com/channels/a65d80c0-4568-431d-a471-7fc229fd4eb6

Devops : Feedback loop, constant process of improvement (speed, quality, performance) "Kaizen"

Python for Devops :

- Level 1: Statements, List and Dict

- Level 2: Functions

Transition from Software Engineer to ML Engineer :

- Using what as Software Engineer you worked with (DevOps, Testing, Best Practices)
- Get Cloud cert : AWS SA, AWS ML
- Build ML Application (Book Practical MLOps)

Which Cloud :
#1 : AWS -> SA/CP, Dev, ML, DA -> PortFolio
#2 : Azure
#3 : Ali Cloud, Google Cloud, etc...

From Network to DevOps :

- CI/CD

Python Project Recipe :

- GitHub : Scaffold, MakeFile, requirements.txt, app.py, test.py
- Build: Continuis improvements

AWS:

- Creating Root account + IAM MFA
- Creating user account + MFA access
- Setting up Cloud9
- Generating SSH key with ssh-keygen -t rsa
    - Adding the rsa public key to github and cloning the github repository with ssh  


GitHub:
- Creating account
- Importing ssh rsa public key 
- Creating simple workfow to execute commande (like make file), in our repository : .github/workflows/pythonapp.yml

Python for speed : 
- Using Numba (JIT) GPU
- Pypy 
 

For requirements.txt :
- After finishing all the install, use the commande pip freeze to have the exact versions and add it to the file
- 

Question how to go from IT to Cloud :
- 0 to 1 : Go to : 
- - https://paiml.com/ (many ressources)
- - Learn GitHub
- - Ressources on Coursera
- * AWS Solutions Architect
- * CI/CD Python 
- * AWS Lambda
- Triple threat - cert, portfolio, [degree], exp..

Commit message:

Day02: Finished -> Adding Golden Path

README.md, after:

# Python_for_DevOps_Bootcamp

Python for DevOps Bootcamp by Skillsoft

Instructor : Noah Gift
Host: Chris Keenan

Course link: https://cgi.percipio.com/channels/a65d80c0-4568-431d-a471-7fc229fd4eb6

Devops : Feedback loop, constant process of improvement (speed, quality, performance) "Kaizen"

Python for Devops :

- Level 1: Statements, List and Dict

- Level 2: Functions

Transition from Software Engineer to ML Engineer :

- Using what as Software Engineer you worked with (DevOps, Testing, Best Practices)
- Get Cloud cert : AWS SA, AWS ML
- Build ML Application (Book Practical MLOps)

Which Cloud :
#1 : AWS -> SA/CP, Dev, ML, DA -> PortFolio
#2 : Azure
#3 : Ali Cloud, Google Cloud, etc...

From Network to DevOps :

- CI/CD

Python Project Recipe :

- GitHub : Scaffold, MakeFile, requirements.txt, app.py, test.py
- Build: Continuis improvements

AWS:

- Creating Root account + IAM MFA
- Creating user account + MFA access
- Setting up Cloud9
- Generating SSH key with ssh-keygen -t rsa
  - Adding the rsa public key to github and cloning the github repository with ssh

GitHub:

- Creating account
- Importing ssh rsa public key
- Creating simple workfow to execute commande (like make file), in our repository : .github/workflows/pythonapp.yml

Python for speed :

- Using Numba (JIT) GPU
- Pypy

For requirements.txt :

- After finishing all the install, use the commande pip freeze to have the exact versions and add it to the file
-

Question how to go from IT to Cloud :

- 0 to 1 : Go to :
- - https://paiml.com/ (many ressources)
- - Learn GitHub
- - Ressources on Coursera
- - AWS Solutions Architect
- - CI/CD Python
- - AWS Lambda
- Triple threat - cert, portfolio, [degree], exp..

# Golden Path:

- GitHub Action
- Function
- AWS Lambda
- Flask
- Click
